Jokes are 2 million
Fall to the ground
3.004 billion 5 million 6 million 7 million 9 million
6 million time
Total guarantee twice
Is there any higher price?
Didn't someone talk big just now?
Said to lay this ruby
Give yourself your favorite
I just bought it.
Can't afford it
Wang Shao, teach Ye Fan a lesson quickly
Let him know what the sky is like
A poor man still wants to argue with Wang Shao
No, 9 million
How could I not afford it?
10 million and no one has bid yet
10 million a time
10 million twice
10 million three times
It's a deal. Hmm.
As expected of Wang Shao
rich and powerful
Cost 10 million
I also have to think that Mr. Hong Jinyin ended the group photo
Shoot what you like
New Leaf, are you fucking kidding me?
You're kidding me about Wang Shao